Updating status command to support data specialization plugins (#85)
HPInc/ml-git: docs/plugins.md

```
</details>

<details>
<summary><code> get_rows_workspace_data </code></summary>
</br>

Responsible to count the number of rows for specific files in the user workspace.

> Returns two dict that's contains the number of rows for each file.

Reviewer: Please add information about when this method is triggered.

Author: Adjusted in 28eac40c.

*Definition:*

```python

> def get_rows_workspace_data(path, untracked_files, files_to_be_commited):

Author: Adjusted in 5dfb7d0.

> def get_rows_workspace_data(path, untracked_files, files_to_be_commited):

Reviewer 2: Once we have updated the method, we need to update the name to match its behavior. Also, the documentation is outdated.

> def get_rows_workspace_data(path, untracked_files, files_to_be_commited):

Author: Updated in 528cafbf.

```
</details>

<details>
<summary><code> get_status_output </code></summary>
</br>

> Responsible to count the number of rows for specific files in the user workspace.
> Returns two list that's contains the formatted output with number of rows for each file and the total registry.
> This signature will be triggered during the execution of the ml-git status command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Responsible for generating status outputs for files in the user's workspace.
Returns two lists containing the formatted status output for untracked and added files and an a summarized output string for the total added.
This signature will be triggered during the execution of the ml-git status command.
```
